# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
django==5.1.2
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   djangorestframework
django-cors-headers==4.5.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.10
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.21.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.149.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.3
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.67.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.67.0
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via requests
packaging==24.1
    # via gunicorn
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via google-generativeai
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via httplib2
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
requests==2.32.3
    # via google-api-core
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via google-generativeai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2024.2
    # via django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
